Virtual box is freely available, open source software solution runs on Windows, Linux, Macintosh
and Solares hosts and supports many guest operating systems.
So virtual box is deceptively simple, but it's also very powerful.
Just go ahead and install it.
Give it a quick look.
Hey there, so I want to make a particular hands on demonstration in Windows for two particular reasons.
One, I'd like to show you that the host is not critically important while preparing the lab.
And secondly, I'd like the students using windows as a whole system to feel comfortable at the beginning
of the course, because we're going to be using a Mac as a whole system in general for the rest of the
course.
So simply by using your favorite Web browser type virtual box into the address bar.
You will see the official site, a virtual box is the first row of the results page, so it's virtual
box dot org is the official site.
So click on it.
There's the download.
So let's click it to see the download options.
All right, so this is the latest addition when I was preparing the court.
Now, there's a couple of options for the major hosts, so, by the way, what I mean about the host
is that your main operating system installed on your computer.
So click on the option, whichever is suitable for you right now.
I'll use a windows.
So I'm going to download for Windows hosts.
And while downloading virtual Xbox, just scroll your mouse down a little bit and you can see that there's
an extension back to it install as well.
The extension PAC helps your installation support different things like USB two and three devices.
It may help you to manage your installation easily.
Now click on the link.
All supported platforms.
Wait a little bit, might not take too much time.
All of it has been downloaded, go to my downloads folder.
Double click on the X File.
Click next, next, next.
And now it will install some virtual network adapters at this phase.
So click yes and install.
Now it's going to be installing for a while.
And there is finished I don't want you to start now, so let's uncheck the box and click finish.
See, now's the time for installing an extension after installation, a virtual box, the icon has changed.
You see that?
So double click on it and wait for a bit.
Right.
So now this screen comes up, click, install.
So go ahead and scroll down until the end and you'll see that I agree button it's enabled.
So click on it if you agree and well, you should agree in order to use virtual box.
So wait a second.
OK, so now you're done, congratulations, you've installed a virtual box, so please have a look and
be familiar with the menus by yourself before you start.
Virtual box dog is the official site.
And on the left pane, there's the download menu item.
So in the downloads page, we have platform packages here.
Click on OSX hosts as a link for Mac devices, quick save to start the download.
When the downloads finished, double click on the installation package file, which has the dot dmg
at the end.
OK, so here you do what the instructions tell you, double click on the virtual box dot package icon
click continue, continue again and install.
And then here I just enter the local admin password and click.
Now go to the applications menu and click the virtual box icon to start your virtualization environment.
Congratulations, you've installed a virtual box.